[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna wrap our lips around some
long pig with the 1999 film ravenous
let's get to it
we open on a military ceremony where
captain Boyd is receiving commendations
for bravery
since celebrations are perfectly capped
off with a fine meal they all tuck into
their plates of bloody bony meat and the
mouth sounds abound
[Music]
Boyd understandably excuses himself to
puke where he learns he's being shipped
off to a fort in California in short
order he arrives at the rustic but cozy
encampment he reports the colonel Hart
who welcomes him with an offer to dip
his playful slender fingers into the
rough folds of his nutsack he fills him
in on the camp culture there a way
station for westbound travelers with
very little winter traffic and a
skeleton crew the next morning in the
majesty of a fresh mountain snowfall
Boyd tells a contextual tale he was
discovered napping on the battlefield
and found himself at the bottom of a
corpse pyramid where the blood and
strength of his commanding officers
poured down the back of his throat this
gave him the audacity to capture the
enemy command he was rewarded for
appearances only and subsequently
banished to the remote fortis of quiet
punishment for his cowardice
that evening Boyd is startled by a face
in the glass and they run out to find a
frostbitten traveler they work quickly
to revive him leaving him by the fire as
Toffler reads him good night moon on
repeat the next day he wakes up and
reveals he's been in the woods for three
months with little food his convoy was
stranded in a cave by a winter storm and
after eating everything they could find
he returned to camp one day to find the
others had begun eating the first person
to die he acknowledges that it was
shameful but that meat was tender as
hell things devolved predictably from
there and he stole away in the night
leaving mrs. MacCready at the mercy of
the ravenous Colonel Ives excited by the
prospect of an adventure they endeavor
to march to the cave to save mrs.
McCready and bring Colonel Ives to
justice George tries to warn them off by
explaining the Wendigo myth we're in
eating human flesh gives the diner
strength and an insatiable hunger from
war it proves to be a long and arduous
journey along the way Toffler gets so
excited about finding a bone that he
breaks all of his that night he's awoken
by cohoon gently licking
I mean what was he not supposed to do
that he expresses extreme regret over
this and offers to be bound for their
reassurance they eventually arrive at
the cave and venture in the cave party
finds remnants of a camp in a deep dark
hole
rikes loops his way down while cohoon
starts acting disturbed outside Wright
finds mrs. McCready's head and then
counts off the corpses to find a full
encampment of bodies recognizing with
this implies they try to warn the others
the cone has already dug up his weapon
cache and started preparing his dinner
Boyd and Reich emerge and pursue the
survivors attempting to locate them by
toffler's screams they eventually find
out what he was screaming about but
don't catch up with cohoon before he
gets the drop on them with little hope
to overcome the power of the Wendigo
Boyd cliff dives to escape smartly
planning to break his fall with every
branch of this tree and then a lone
graceful tumble down a steep hill
meeting Reich along the way he finds
himself in a hovel suffering from a
simple open compound spiral fracture of
the shin with a nagging taste for blood
and little other chance for survival he
does what he needs to do and it's a
smart choice because a couple of
tenderloins later and he's bearing
weight again he eventually makes it back
to camp where general Slauson arrives
with a rescue party they find the cave
but no evidence of anything nefarious
they eventually restock the fort with
fresh entrees to be temporarily under
the command of Colonel Ives
hey I know you oh boy tries to warn
Slauson but Knox the only other officer
previously presents was blackout drunk
during Kahuna's visit Boyd insists he
shot Ives in the shoulder but he finds
that the rejuvenating power of eating
men extends even to one's complexion and
Ives takes pleasure in playing it slow
like you got Wendigo [ __ ] so now eyes
is free to have some fun by gaslighting
the hell attaboy he acts as normal as
possible while boyd stares at him every
waking moment disturbing everyone ives
confides that he found boys a little
smokehouse in the woods and knows he put
his mouth on private Reich he also
reveals that cannibal is not only kept
him alive but also cured him of all of
his normal maladies like tuberculosis
depression and even inverted his
prolapsed anus
now he's strong as an ox and virile as a
bull moose he's rock-hard right now
he then plays seductress reminding Boyd
of the call of the Hunger as a result of
this attack they tried to round up
Cleaves to arrest Boyd they eventually
find the horses slaughtered and get a
sneaking suspicion as to the location of
please the out he's on the roof and then
Martha is sent to fetch general Slauson
on foot Boyd attempts to keep an eye on
things even while shackled Knox is
dispatched by a mysterious assailant who
we soon learned to be Hart brought back
from the brain
death by the healing powers of human
flesh and now vigorously committed to
the Kido methodology we find that their
plan is to build a little coven of
cannibals feeding on wayward gold
rushers in the spring
since Boyd's basically they're already
other than the moral objections they
want to bring him on
so ives gives him an all-or-nothing
choice and boyd eventually makes the
only reasonable decision as they prepare
for the arrival of sloths and boyd
engages heart in a philosophical
discussion convincing heart to free him
in order to kill ives
but then boy totally pranks him he and
ives eventually meet up drawing blood
and engaging in an epic head-butting
contest boyd brings the fight to
conclusion by sacrificing himself to the
jaws of this giant rusty trap always
competitive they have a die last
competition while Slauson takes a little
taste of the stew and Martha decides to
run off fed up with caretaking a bunch
of dumbass colonial lunatics and that
was Rabin's an excellent and often
overlooked gem in the western
cannibalism folklore horror sub-genre if
you enjoyed the video I'd love for you
to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching
[Music]